sitting in Easy pose or in a chair
comfortably with your spine nice and
straight and your chin parallel to the
floor place your hand on the belly just
to keep your awareness there as we focus
on breathing together when you inhale
we're going to inhale deeply so the
breath is drawn to the bottom part of
the lungs causing the belly to expand
like a balloon
and then as you exhale we press the
belly toward the spine to expel the
breath
as we're breathing we're going to inhale
to a count of four and exhale to a count
of eight if you can't make it to that
count don't worry just inhale and exhale
and do your best to double the exhale
breath in comparison to that inhale so
let's begin
inhale to two three four exhale two
three four five six seven eight inhale
two three four exhale two three four
five six seven eight now continue with
your eyes closed keeping all of your
awareness on the breath inhaling
expanding belly exhaling pushing belly
to spine and begin inhale two three four
exhale two three four five six
seven eight inhale two three four exhale
two three four five six seven eight
inhale two three four exhale two three
four five six seven eight
continue breathing on your own keeping
all of your awareness on the breath
allowing all thoughts to fade in and out
of your awareness just like clouds pass
in the sky if you become distracted by
thought simply guide your attention back
thank you
have a wonderful day